Improveed javascript code docs (#454)
playmint/ds: docs/code-docs/plugin-javascript.md

Javascript code must be attached to a BuildingKind in order to control what is displayed when selecting the building, and provide controls to trigger the actions that are available when using the building.

The javascript must implement an Update function, which takes a GameState parameter and returns a description of the UI to display. 

Any buttons, that trigger functions defined in the same javascript code, can be included as part of the UI.

## Input

> The plugin's `Update()` function is passed a parameter of type [`GameSate`](https://github.com/playmint/ds/blob/4b541a8e4c05d84a392c0cffec850d8b6949cd96/core/src/types.ts#L330) that you can use to check who (or what?) is using the building and configure your UI accordingly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin's `Update()` function is passed a parameter of type [`GameSate`](https://github.com/playmint/ds/blob/4b541a8e4c05d84a392c0cffec850d8b6949cd96/core/src/types.ts#L330) that you can use to inspect the current state of the game, discover what the player has selected and have your UI react accordingly. 
```

GameState is split into three top level objects: `player`, `world` and `selected`.

> These docs are not a complete and up to dat reference so the best way to see th state available is to use the **browser debug console**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These docs are not a complete and up to date reference so the best way to see th state available is to use the **browser debug console**:
```

- While playing, hit F12 and turn on verbose console logging.
- Select Use
- Select a building
- Expand the log prefixed  `[0x3... send] `
        ![](../images/code-docs-input-state.png)
- Expand the data elements to explore what's in them
- Anything you find here is availabe in your Update function

### Use GameState in your building javascript

Some basics to get you going. 
The example buildings in the [ds-examples repo](https://github.com/playmint/ds-examples/tree/main/src) are good reference to0

- Extract main objects in function decleration

    >```javascript
    > export default function update({ selected, world, player }) {
    > ```

- The Mobile Unit using the building
    > ```javascript
    > const mobileUnit = selected.mobileUnit
    > ```
- The top bag belonging to the MobileUnit. 
    - *bags are an array of equpment objects where index 0 is bot guranteed to have key 0*
    - *the actual bag is a subobject of the bag (!)(unless we've renamed this nonsense by the time you read this)*
    > ```javascript
    > const topBag = mobileUnit.bags.find(b => b.key == 0).bag;
    > ```

> - Find out if a bag contains a particulatr item. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Find out if a bag contains a particular item. 
```

// render a text message to the log area of the game's UI
ds.log("Called my building's use() function in the BuildingKind contract");

> // A soldidty function in your own building contract can be called by encoding its name and call parameters
> // and passing it as the payload of the use building function.
> // To do this the call needs to be abi encoded for decoding on the solidty side
> // See the ds-examples repo and the PostOffice building for an example of this in action
> const payload = ds.encodeCall("function panic()", []);
> ds.dispatch({
>       name: "BUILDING_USE",
>       args: [selected.tiles[0].building.id, selected.mobileUnit.id, payload],
>     });

Reviewer: The way this is worded makes it sound like you can execute a remote function, which you can not. Maybe something like this is more clear:

```suggestion
// helper to abi encode values for a payload that you can abi.decode in your contract code
// use this to pass arbitrary parameters to your BuildingKind contract's use() function.
// See the ds-examples repo and the PostOffice building for an example of this in action
const payload = ds.encodeCall("function values(uint256 aNumber, string memory aString)", [1, "example"]);
ds.dispatch({
      name: "BUILDING_USE",
      args: [selected.tiles[0].building.id, selected.mobileUnit.id, payload],
    });
```
